.gitlab/issue_templates/BUG.md, before:

Issue tracker is **ONLY** used for reporting bugs. New features should be discussed on our slack channel. Please use [stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com) for supporting issues.

<!--- Provide a general summary of the issue in the Title above -->

## Expected Behavior
<!--- Tell us what should happen -->

## Current Behavior
<!--- Tell us what happens instead of the expected behavior -->

## Possible Solution
<!--- Not obligatory, but suggest a fix/reason for the bug, -->

## Steps to Reproduce
<!--- Provide a link to a live example, or an unambiguous set of steps to -->
<!--- reproduce this bug. Include code to reproduce, if relevant -->
1.
2.
3.
4.

## Context (Environment)
<!--- How has this issue affected you? What are you trying to accomplish? -->
<!--- Providing context helps us come up with a solution that is most useful in the real world -->

<!--- Provide a general summary of the issue in the Title above -->

## Detailed Description
<!--- Provide a detailed description of the change or addition you are proposing -->

## Possible Implementation
<!--- Not obligatory, but suggest an idea for implementing addition or change -->

Commit message:

Update bug-template BUG.md
Include the next steps defined in README.md into the bug-report.
This reminds the person opening the bug-issue to take the necessary
steps outside of GitLab as well.

.gitlab/issue_templates/BUG.md, after:

Issue tracker is **ONLY** used for reporting bugs. New features should be discussed on our discord channel.

<!--- Provide a general summary of the issue in the Title above -->

## Expected Behaviour
<!--- Tell us what should happen -->

## Current Behaviour
<!--- Tell us what happens instead of the expected behaviour -->

## Possible Solution
<!--- Not obligatory, but suggest a fix/reason for the bug, -->

## Steps to Reproduce
<!--- Provide a link to a live example, or an unambiguous set of steps to -->
<!--- reproduce this bug. Include code to reproduce, if relevant -->
1.
2.
3.
4.

## Context (Environment)
<!--- How has this issue affected you? What are you trying to accomplish? -->
<!--- Providing context helps us come up with a solution that is most useful in the real world -->

<!--- Provide a general summary of the issue in the Title above -->

## Detailed Description
<!--- Provide a detailed description of the change or addition you are proposing -->

## Possible Implementation
<!--- Not obligatory, but suggest an idea for implementing addition or change -->

## Next Steps:

After/while writing this card, take the following steps: 

1. Add a card to [Trello](https://trello.com/b/Gtc7wuxz/team-sprintboard) 
2. Notify the team of this bug (using either WhatsApp or Discord) to decide whether to assign it immediately or during the next sprint planning
    - Involve the authors of the relevant code
    - Involve the person who detected the unwanted behaviour
